I constantly complain about car
manufacturers that copy Tesla and people
think that that means that I hate Teslas
but in fact we have the brand new model
3 Highland and it is a fantastic car
it's annoying as heck I'm going to
complain for this whole video but it is
a fantastic car now Tesla is able to get
away with all of their absolute nonsense
by doing things like just very Simply
Having a frunk this is the sort of thing
that I was expecting for every single
electric car to have when Tesla first
unveiled it and since then many do not
it is very sad cuz this is an excellent
amount of space where you can put things
like your tow hick put a whole bag back
here and also they've relocated the
windshield washer fluid so you don't
have to pour it into your frunk when you
do that overall I think this new
redesign does look really good it is
obviously a Tesla but it's a bit more
aggressive and it has less of that sort
of bubbly look that the old one had
although that said there's so many of
these around Vancouver that it's just
going to look like your average pile on
anyway in a couple months moving around
to the side we have our power mirrors
right here very nice and we also have
these extra expensive rims that are also
worse for your range that said they do
look kind of cool and they're wrapped in
two 35s that are Eevee rated and nice
and quiet that is a theme with this car
like this window right here you can see
the double Paine glass that makes it
real nice and quiet on the inside while
you're driving
around one thing that isn't new but is
still very strange is the just complete
lack of keys that you get with this
thing so you get this little card right
here which you have to do that in order
to lock or unlock your car and if you
want to do anything else you need the
app now the app is pretty cool and it
does work well but this is the only car
that I've ever experienced where the app
is mandatory and I'm just using it for
things that my keys do I would much
rather just have keys please moving to
the rear of the car we have these nice
redesigned tail lights and a whole bunch
of mud I'm very sorry we washed this
before we went out it's been raining
it's muddy it's Vancouver I'm very sorry
and I'm also very sorry that you can't
open this Trunk by just standing here
apparently that came in the last update
but this car didn't get the memo
apparently that said though power trunk
and just loads of room in here we've got
the frunk up front and then also in here
we have just a whole bunch of room I
have no clue how Tesla did this because
every single other manufacturer seems to
be just losing cargo space in their EVS
when Tesla somehow managed to just make
it more spacious and generally practical
than every other car on the market also
in the back we have our charging cable
that includes our nice little dongle so
if you want a slow charger we've got
that here and of course Tesla uses
nacs right here which has completely won
the battle in North America everyone
else is moving towards it and if you get
one of these you already have it great
while we're here on this rear wheel
drive model you're able to get up to 170
KW of charging and that goes into a
57.5 KW hour battery which is good for
about 438 km of range which is frankly
incredible compared to something like
the KERO EV it just completely kills it
you have more power smaller battery and
longer range because Tesla is just the
leader in the space it's kind of just a
fact hopping into the back seat we've
actually got a pretty decent amount of
room back here I've got enough space for
my knees my legs are a little bit high
up we do have that skateboard floor but
I have enough Headroom so overall it's
decent enough for a short trip and if
you have a longer trip there's an even
better thing back here which is this 8
in display now it allows us to do lots
of cool things like control the heated
seats the climate from down here even
move the passenger seat forward or back
but the real key feature of this is
gaming what other car can do that
stardew Valley in a car also back here
we have two USB type- c's for charging
and two cup holders for your drinks
hopping into the driver's seat it is
rather comfortable but not the best that
I've ever experienced for this kind of a
price point that said though compared to
the last Model 3 it is a night and day
difference in here just how good
Everything feels when you're driving
around the insulation in here is
fantastic the suspension's way better
and it just leads to a much better
Driving Experience where instead of
going around kind of
like it's more
like cuz it's still a little bit stiff
now the seats aren't the best that I've
ever experienced in a car of this price
point and I do kind of question the
white interior that Maria's gone for oh
yeah this is Maria's car she did the
thumbnail for this these are going to be
hard seats to keep clean but they are
ventilated now as well as heated very
nice and overall it's pretty good one
thing that's kind of strange is that the
footw dips down sort of Right Where the
pedals are to give you a little bit more
room height wise but then if you move
your feet back a tiny bit you're just
your legs are super high up it's kind of
strange also back to how Tesla has just
the best packaging in the game we've got
loads of storage space right in here
we've got nice little covers for our cup
holders but if you want that we have
another great big spot right there and
and up at the front we have wireless
charging for the phone which is a little
bit inefficient for sure it's excellent
at making your phone hot but it does at
least charge it while it does that
unlike some other cars now of course
this being a Tesla we need to talk about
screen you don't get multiple screens
you don't get gauges you don't get a HUD
you just get one screen that does
literally everything and if it stops
working then well you can do Drive
select up here and your emergencies but
that's about it so you better be hoping
that your model 3 doesn't pretend to be
a cyber truck for a little bit and just
stop working up here anyway when it does
work this is overall excellent the
navigation is shockingly good for
something that's included in a car it
isn't quite at the level of something
like a Google Maps but it is really
really close and in here you can do
loads of fun stuff like we can go in
here we can play stardo Valley like we
were seeing before and a bunch of other
games we have really nice integration
with all of your music apps which is
pretty good and you can actually
download directly to the car here I have
seen some where you can't and you're
just kind of screwed if you don't have
any service we do also see just
incredible responsiveness of all of the
systems in here and for the most part
everything here just works shockingly
well one thing that I do wish is that a
bit more of the climate controls were
just set down here all the time like I
really like it when the seat heaters are
just permanently down here instead of
having to go to a second menu but at the
same time it all is super fast it all
works really quite well it's a sort of
thing where you can kind of get away
with having everything on a scen if it's
all super Snappy and super organized and
those last two bits are where the other
companies seem to really fail when they
try to just copy this stupid climate
menu from Tesla do you know it isn't
stupid though this segue to our sponsor
rocket money thanks to Rocket money for
sponsoring this video rocket money is
the personal finance app that helps you
cancel subscriptions lower bills and
manage your money better they securely
track your monthly spending and cancel
unwanted or forgotten subscriptions
which means more money for a new laptop
so go to Rocket money.com shortcircuit
to start saving alongside 5 million
users today all right now it's time to
go for a drive which means that I have
to put it in gear by swiping the touch
screen it's not a super difficult system
but it's also the worst system that I've
ever used I really don't like when I'm
say need to go forward and back and
forward and back if you're like parallel
parking or something like that it's just
really awkward swiping it like this when
you're maybe like you're turning the
wheel you're moving like that you want
to go back it's it's not difficult it's
just worse than every other gear
selector I've ever used speaking of
worse than every other one that I've
ever used the turn signal I want to turn
left my steering wheel currently is
upside down and kind of sideways which
way is left uh that one I got it oh my
God that is soing
stupid it's it's the point in the video
you know it had to come there's noing
stock for your turn signals it is
actually the stupidest thing I have ever
seen in a car and the person that
decided that should be fired the people
under them should also be fired for not
telling them that it's the worst idea
ever and the people above them if this
wasn't decided by Elon himself should
also be fired because it is the
stupidest thing I have ever seen in a
car it is
just so so bad I constantly am going
like a parking lot you're turning out
you turn up to the stop sign and your
steering wheel is just not in the
correct position maybe if they had like
three dots on left one on right you'd be
able to kind of get a feel for it and be
like okay it's over here three dots boom
where good nope you just have to look at
the direction which if you're not going
straight is not the correct direction
that it's going to be pointing also say
that you want to do a right turn say you
need to maybe go into that lane and then
make the turn but it's going to turn off
your signal when you turn into that lane
and then you're doing your right hand
turn without a signal on or earlier
today I was making a leftand turn hit
the thing and then I started to turn but
realized someone was coming and
instinctively had my hand out to stop
the stock from coming back up nope turn
signal just turned off and then I made a
left hand turn without my signal on
great job Tesla this is an excellent
system it's the worsing thing you've
ever done and that's really saying
something anyway the rest of it is not
all that bad I was also planning on
complaining about the lack of a stock
for your wipers because you know you get
splashed by a truck and nah there's just
a button right here it's actually
perfectly fine to just have your
windshield wipers be a single button you
hold it long press for your windshield
washer fluid but what I am going to
complain about there is that this is the
worst auto wiper system that I've ever
experienced and that combined with not
having a stock means that I'm pressing
this single wipe button a whole bunch
it's been intermittently raining for the
last couple of days while I've been
driving this and it's just absolutely
infuriating because half the time the
windshield wipers won't even go and I'll
just have to manually do it and the
other half of the time it'll just start
absolutely ripping when there's no rain
on there at all I don't understand what
it's doing and they don't have different
settings for the auto wipers in the menu
so every single other car that I've used
that has Auto wipers you can be like I
want Auto wipers level one or two or
three or whatever and you can kind of
make it work in intermittent conditions
that way this right here you have one
option or if you want to manually do it
you have to select it on the stupid
touch screen and it's just uh I have not
had to think about my windshield wipers
in a modern car for years this is the
most that I have had to think about it
and this is the one that should be the
most automated cuz I got rid of your
stupid
stock uh anyway on to good things we are
on a really really rough and generally
awful road right now and you might
notice it's not loud at all it's maybe
less loud than like the eqs that we
drove a little while ago it is genuinely
so quiet and comfortable in here I
cannot believe it is a Tesla like we are
about to hit a bunch of bumps
and no rattles no Creeks you're not
getting that signature
Tesla that we definitely would have got
in last Model 3 on a road like this and
just like fantastic job to everyone that
was involved with sound eding this
tuning the suspension it is a true gener
erational leap over the last one and I
seriously commend all of the engineers
involved with it it it takes what felt
like kind of a dinky toy of a car before
and makes it like a proper you want to
use it every single day and it is so
comfortable and so enjoyable to be in
here it totally changes the character of
the car but that said if you don't want
to just comfortably Cruise like I have
been the entire time it is also a little
bit of a rocket so this right here is
the rear wheel drive it is the slowest
one of the bunch but it still has 270
horsepower 310 ftlb of torque it can do
a 0 to 60 in 5.8 seconds which is not
the fastest ever but it still is pretty
darn good now one thing I have noticed
is if you have pretty much any steering
lock and hit the gas it's going to
really throttle it back it really
doesn't want you to spin those back
wheels and get any sort of over steer on
the go and bit fun policey but that said
in a straight line this thing is
incredibly competent and just so easy it
really allows you to be the new BMW
drivers of 20124 in the past they'd be
the ones that aren't signaling and
cutting you off and being now
it's the Tesla drivers cuz for one you
just can't signal even if you try half
the time you just don't and also it's so
easy and quiet to go fast in this that
you can without even really realizing it
just be a complete in traffic
it's really quite nice well for me not
for anyone else speaking of being a
the lights in this are some of
the worst that I have ever experienced
as someone else on the road you can
immediately tell it's a Tesla at night
because you are immediately blinded this
is a huge problem across the entire
industry but Tesla has these really
bright LED lights and everyone else
seemed to think like oh maybe aiming
those down and using the cameras to make
sure that we don't blind everyone is a
good idea and Tesla was just like what
about we just put really bright lights
in here and blind everyone else it I
said that the suspension is a lot softer
in the straight line does that make it
bad in the corners no not at all this
thing is shockingly competent even
though you can't really tell what's
going on it kind of just sorts
everything out for you so if you're
looking for the most most engaging
Driving Experience you're not going to
get it here but if you just want to feel
like you're playing a video game it is
great and wow the speed it can hold
through a corner is just shocking
especially given that this thing has the
better part of 3900 lb of Mass to move
around what I was not departing the road
speaking of which we should probably
address full
self-driving uh it is not in this car
you are able to get as a monthly
subscription now for $99 down from $200
in the past and uh the owner of this
simply said I tried it and it nearly
killed me twice so I'm never using it
again
great that said the adaptive cruise in
this is quite fantastic it doesn't quite
match up to the Koreans Hyundai and Kia
have done an excellent job recently with
their tuning but this is still really
good it's excellent until you get down
to around like 15 10 km an hour or so
and then sometimes it'll just just hit
the brakes super hard for not any real
reason that I can figure out but that
said it still does its job really well
for the most part on the highways and
stuff like that and also a pretty good
time the sound system play crab rave on
title now this being the rear wheel
drive we only get the nine- speaker
sound system but it is still still
really quite good so we have four up in
the front four in the back and a sub in
the rear and it measures really quite
well down to about 40 HZ where it just
falls off of a cliff but it still is
more than good enough to
jam as well as good frequency response
we also have very solid staging we don't
have perfectly centered Center Channel
vocals but it's just off to the side and
I think it's pretty good from passenger
seat to driver's seat so overall I am
quite impressed this thing starts at
around
$41,000 in the US and with savings it's
just around
$44,000 Canadian which is really quite
good for what you're getting the
insulation in here again is just
incredible we've got a full panoramic
roof all the way back and somehow
they've made it just silent in this
cabin the suspension is leagues ahead of
the last gen and Tesla remains just the
best electric power train on the market
they've continued to just
unapologetically make electric cars they
haven't done anything stupid like try
and make your electric car feel like
it's a automatic transmission slushbox
for some reason it's just nice direct
throttle everything's simple if you want
something that's just super easy for
getting to and from work every day you
really can't do much better than this so
overall Maria I think you did did an
excellent job purchasing this car and an
excellent job doing the thumbnail for
this video and you the viewer you also
did an excellent job by watching till
the end hit like get subscribed and just
have a great old day I'll see you later
bye